com/ccm/user/user/domain/vo/FavouritePokemons.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.vo.FavouritePokemons
com/ccm/user/user/domain/exceptions/UserNotFoundException.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.exceptions.UserNotFoundException
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/AddFavouritePokemonToUser.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.AddFavouritePokemonToUser
com/ccm/user/user/domain/vo/FavouritePokemonId.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.vo.FavouritePokemonId
com/ccm/user/user/application/dto/UserDTO.java
 com.ccm.user.user.application.dto.UserDTO
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/infrastructure/controller/PokemonController.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.infrastructure.controller.PokemonController
com/ccm/user/user/domain/exceptions/UserAlreadyExistsException.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.exceptions.UserAlreadyExistsException
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/objectmother/UserIdMother.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.objectmother.UserIdMother
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/domain/valueObjects/PokemonId.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.domain.valueObjects.PokemonId
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/objectmother/UsersMother.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.objectmother.UsersMother
com/ccm/user/user/domain/entities/Message.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.entities.Message
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/UserCreator.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.UserCreator
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/EventPublisher.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.EventPublisher
com/ccm/user/user/domain/aggregate/User.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.aggregate.User
com/ccm/user/user/infrastructure/converter/ObjectToJsonStringConverter.java
 com.ccm.user.user.infrastructure.converter.ObjectToJsonStringConverter
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/domain/aggregate/PokemonType.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.domain.aggregate.PokemonType
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/domain/valueObjects/Name.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.domain.valueObjects.Name
com/ccm/user/user/domain/interfaces/UserRepository.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.interfaces.UserRepository
com/ccm/user/user/infrastructure/publisher/BaseRabbitMqEventPublisher.java
 com.ccm.user.user.infrastructure.publisher.BaseRabbitMqEventPublisher
com/ccm/user/user/domain/exceptions/FavouritePokemonAlreadyExistsException.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.exceptions.FavouritePokemonAlreadyExistsException
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/application/dto/PokemonDto.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.application.dto.PokemonDto
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/infrastructure/parser/JsonPokemonTypeParser.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.infrastructure.parser.JsonPokemonTypeParser
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/infrastructure/client/PokemonTypeGetterClient.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.infrastructure.client.PokemonTypeGetterClient
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/exceptions/UnknownException.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.exceptions.UnknownException
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/domain/interfaces/PokemonTypeGetterInterface.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.domain.interfaces.PokemonTypeGetterInterface
com/ccm/user/user/domain/entities/FavouritePokemon.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.entities.FavouritePokemon
com/ccm/user/user/infrastructure/repository/InMemoryUserRepository.java
 com.ccm.user.user.infrastructure.repository.InMemoryUserRepository
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/exceptions/PokemonNotFoundException.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.exceptions.PokemonNotFoundException
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/UserSaver.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.UserSaver
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/objectmother/UserMother.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.objectmother.UserMother
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/infrastructure/controller/PokemonControllerOld.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.infrastructure.controller.PokemonControllerOld
com/ccm/user/user/application/dto/PokemonDTO.java
 com.ccm.user.user.application.dto.PokemonDTO
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/exceptions/NetworkConnectionException.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.exceptions.NetworkConnectionException
com/ccm/user/user/application/dto/UserFavouritePokemonDTO.java
 com.ccm.user.user.application.dto.UserFavouritePokemonDTO
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/services/FavouritePokemonCounterUpdater.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.services.FavouritePokemonCounterUpdater
com/ccm/user/user/application/usecases/AddUserUseCase.java
 com.ccm.user.user.application.usecases.AddUserUseCase
com/ccm/user/user/domain/vo/UserName.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.vo.UserName
com/ccm/user/user/domain/exceptions/FavouritePokemonDoesNotExistException.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.exceptions.FavouritePokemonDoesNotExistException
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/UserFinder.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.UserFinder
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/application/GetPokemonTypeUseCase.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.application.GetPokemonTypeUseCase
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/infrastructure/listener/BaseRabbitMqListener.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.infrastructure.listener.BaseRabbitMqListener
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/exceptions/TimeoutException.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.exceptions.TimeoutException
com/ccm/user/user/domain/interfaces/SimpleConverter.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.interfaces.SimpleConverter
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/domain/exceptions/PokemonNotFoundException.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.domain.exceptions.PokemonNotFoundException
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemonTypes/domain/interfaces/PokemonTypeParserInterface.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemonTypes.domain.interfaces.PokemonTypeParserInterface
com/ccm/user/user/domain/services/objectmother/UserNameMother.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.services.objectmother.UserNameMother
com/ccm/user/user/domain/interfaces/EventPublisherClient.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.interfaces.EventPublisherClient
com/ccm/user/user/application/usecases/AddFavouritePokemonUseCase.java
 com.ccm.user.user.application.usecases.AddFavouritePokemonUseCase
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/infrastructure/parsers/PokemonToJsonParser.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.infrastructure.parsers.PokemonToJsonParser
com/ccm/user/user/domain/vo/UserId.java
 com.ccm.user.user.domain.vo.UserId
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/infrastructure/repository/InMemoryPokemonRepository.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.infrastructure.repository.InMemoryPokemonRepository
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/vo/PokemonType.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.vo.PokemonType
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/infrastructure/api/PokemonRetrieverApiClient.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.infrastructure.api.PokemonRetrieverApiClient
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/infrastructure/parsers/JsonToPokemonDTOParser.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.infrastructure.parsers.JsonToPokemonDTOParser
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/application/useCases/FavouritePokemonAddedNotifierUseCase.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.application.useCases.FavouritePokemonAddedNotifierUseCase
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/services/PokemonSaver.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.services.PokemonSaver
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/vo/Name.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.vo.Name
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/infrastructure/parsers/JsonToPokemonParser.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.infrastructure.parsers.JsonToPokemonParser
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/interfaces/PokemonRepository.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.interfaces.PokemonRepository
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/services/PokemonFinder.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.services.PokemonFinder
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/interfaces/PokemonRetrieverClient.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.interfaces.PokemonRetrieverClient
com/ccm/user/user/infrastructure/controller/UserController.java
 com.ccm.user.user.infrastructure.controller.UserController
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/aggregate/Pokemon.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.aggregate.Pokemon
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/vo/PokemonTypes.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.vo.PokemonTypes
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/vo/FavouriteCounter.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.vo.FavouriteCounter
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/application/useCases/GetPokemonUseCase.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.application.useCases.GetPokemonUseCase
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/infrastructure/listener/RabbitMqEventListener.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.infrastructure.listener.RabbitMqEventListener
com/ccm/pokemon/pokemon/domain/vo/PokemonId.java
 com.ccm.pokemon.pokemon.domain.vo.PokemonId
com/ccm/Application.java
 com.ccm.Application
com/ccm/user/user/infrastructure/publisher/RabbitMqEventPublisher.java
 com.ccm.user.user.infrastructure.publisher.RabbitMqEventPublisher
